THE EVERYTHING SHORT

PUBLISHED MARCH 31, 2021

U/ATOBITT

TL;DR-  Citadel  and  friends  have  shorted  the  treasury  bond  market  to
oblivion  using  the  repo  market.  Citadel  owns  a  company  called  Palafox
Trading  and  uses  them  to  EXCLUSIVELY  short  &  trade  treasury
securities.  Palafox  manages  one  fund  for  Citadel  -  the  Citadel  Global
Fixed  Income  Master  Fund  LTD.  Total  assets  over  $123  BILLION  and
80%  are  owned  by  offshore  investors  in  the  Cayman  Islands.  Their
reverse  repo  agreements  are  ENTIRELY  rehypothecated  and  they
CANNOT  pay  off  their  own  repo  agreements  until  someone  pays  them,
first. The ENTIRE global financial economy is modeled after a fractional
reserve system that  is  beginning  to  experience THE  MOTHER  OF  ALL
MARGIN CALLS.

THIS  is  why  the  DTC  and  FICC  are  requiring  an  increase  in  SLR

deposits. The madness has officially come full circle.

_____

My fellow apes,
After  writing  Citadel  Has  No  Clothes,  I  couldn't  shake  one  MAJOR
issue: why do they have a balance sheet full of financial derivatives instead

of physical shares? Even Melvin keeps their derivative exposure to roughly
20%...(whalewisdom.com, Melvin Capital 13F - 2020)

The  concept  of  a  hedging  instrument  is  to  protect  against  price
fluctuations. Hopefully you get it right and make a good prediction, but to
have a portfolio with literally 80% derivatives.... absolute INSANITY.. it's
is the complete OPPOSITE of what should happen.. so WHAT is going on?

Let's break this into 4 parts:

1. Repurchase & Reverse Repurchase agreements
2. Treasury Bonds
3. Palafox Trading
4. Short-seller Endgame

Ok, 4 easy steps... as simple as possible.

Step 1: Repurchase & Reverse Repurchase agreements.

WTF are they?

A  Repurchase  Agreement  is  much  like  a  loan.  If  you  have  a  big  juicy
banana  worth  $1,000,000  and  need  some  quick  cash,  a  repo  agreement
might be right for you. Just take that banana to a pawn shop and pawn it for
a few days, borrow some cash, and buy your banana back later (plus a few
tendies in interest). This creates a liability for you because you have to buy
it  back,  unless  you  want  to  default  and  lose  your  big,  beautiful  banana.
Regardless, you either buy it back or lose it. A reverse repo is how the pawn
shop would account for this transaction.

Why do they matter?
Repos  and  reverse  repos  are  the  LIFEBLOOD  of  global  financial
liquidity. They allow for SUPER FAST conversions from securities to cash.
The  repo  agreement  I  just  described  is  happening  daily  with  hedge  funds
and  commercial  banks.  EDIT:  Inserting  the  quote  from  George  Gammon:
according  to  his  calculations,  the  estimated  total  amount  of  repos  are  $4
TRILLION,  DAILY.  The  NY  Fed,  alone,  submitted  $40.354  BILLION  for
repo  agreements  on  (3/29).  This  amount  represents  the  ONE  DAY  REPO
due  on  3/30.  So  yeah,  SUPER  short  term  loans-  usually  a  few  days.  It's
probably not a surprise that back in 2008 the go-to choice of collateral for
repo agreements was mortgage backed securities..

Lehman  Brothers  went  bankrupt  because  they  fraudulently  classified
repo agreements as sales. You can do your own research on this, but I'll give
you the quick n' dirty:

Lehman would go to a bank and ask for cash. The bank would ask for
collateral  in  return  and  Lehman  would  offer  mortgage  backed  securities
(MBS).  It's  great  having  so  many  mortgages  on  your  balance  sheet,  but
WTF  good  does  it  do  if  you  have  to  wait  30  YEARS  for  the  cash....  So
Lehman  gave  their  collateral  to  the  bank  and  recorded  these  loans
as  sales  instead  of  payables,  with  no  intention  of  buying  them  back.
This  EXTREMELY  overstated  their  revenue.  When  the  market  started
realizing  how  sh*tty  these  "AAA"  securities  actually  were  (thanks  to
Michael  BRRRRRRRRy  &  friends),  they  were  no  longer  accepted  as
collateral for repo loans. We all know what happened next.

The  interest  rate  in  2008  on  repos  started  climbing  as  the  cost  of
borrowing  money  went  through  the  roof.  This  happens  because  the
collateral is no longer attractive compared to cash. My favorite bedtime
story is how the Fed stepped in and bought all of the mean, toxic assets to
save  the  US  economy..  They  literally  paid  Fannie  &  Freddie  over  $190
billion in bailouts..

A  few  years  later,  MF  Global  would  suffer  the  same  fate  when  their
European  repo  exposure  triggered  a  massive  margin  call.  Their  foreign
exposure  to  repo  agreements  was  nearly  4.5x  their  total  equity..  Both
Lehman and MF Global found themselves in a major liquidity conundrum
and were forced into bankruptcy. Not to mention the other losses that were
incurred by other financial institutions... check this list for bailout totals.

But.... did you know this happened AGAIN in 2019?

Instead of the gradual increase in rates, the damn thing spiked to 10%
OVERNIGHT. This little blip almost ruined the whole show. It's a HUGE
red  flag  because  it  shows  how  the  system  MUST  remain  in  tight  control:
one slip and it's game over.

The  reason  for  the  spike  was  once  again  due  to  a  lack  of  liquidity.
The  federal  reserve  stated  there  were  two  main  catalysts  (click  the  link):
both of which removed the necessary funds that would have fueled the repo
market the following day. Basically, their checking account was empty and
their utility bill bounced.

It became apparent that ANOTHER infusion  of cash was necessary to
prevent  the  whole  damn  system  from  collapsing.  The  reason  being:
institutions  did  NOT  have  enough  excess  liquidity  on  hand.  Financial
institutions needed a fast replacement for the MBS, and J-POW had just the
right thing.. $FED go BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR

"but don't say it's QE.."

_____

Step 2: Treasury Bonds
Ever heard of the bond market? Well it's the redheaded step-brother of

the STONK market.

The US government sells you a treasury bond for $1,000 and promises
to pay you interest depending on how long you hold it. Might be 1%, might
be 3%; might be 3 months, might be 10 years. Regardless, the point is that
purchasing  the  US  Treasury  bond,  in  conjunction  with  mortgage  backed
securities, allowed the fed to keep pumping unlimited liquid tendies into the
repo market. Surely, liquidity won't be an issue anymore, right?

Now...  take  the  repo  scenario  from  the  Lehman  Brothers  story,  but
instead of using ONLY mortgage backed securities, add in the US Treasury
bond: primarily the 10-year. Note that MBS are still prevalent at 19.1% of
all repo transactions, but the US Treasury bond now represents a whopping
67%.

For now, just know that the US Treasury has replaced the MBS as the

dominant source of liquidity in the repo market.

_____

Step 3: Palafox Trading
Ever heard of Palafox Trading? Me either. It's pretty much meant to be

that way.

Palafox Trading is a market maker for repurchase agreements. Initially,
they  appear  to  be  an  innocent  trading  company,  but  their  financial
statements revealed a little secret:

Are you KIDDING ME?... I should have known...
OF COURSE Citadel has their own private repo market..
Who else is in this cesspool?!

I made this using the financial statement listed above, showing all
beneficiaries of the GFIL

______

Everything  rolls  into  the  Citadel  Global  Fixed  Income  Master  Fund...
This  controls  $123,218,147,399  (THAT'S  BILLION)  in  assets  under
management...  I  know  offshore  accounts  are  technically  legal  for  hedge
funds....  but  when  you  look  at  the  itemized  holdings  of  these  funds  on
Citadel's most recent form ADV, it gives me chills..

Form ADV page 105-106....

Ok... ok.... let me get this straight....

1. The repo market provides IMMEDIATE liquidity to hedge funds

and other financial institutions

2. After the MBS collapse in 2008, the US Treasury replaced it as

the liquid asset of choice

3. Citadel owns 100% of Palafox Trading which is a market maker

for repo agreements

4. This market maker provides liquidity to the Global Fixed

Income Master Fund LTD (GFIL) through Citadel Advisors

5. 80% of its $123,218,147,399 in assets under management

belong to entities in the Cayman Islands

Ok.....I tore the bermuda, paradise, and panama papers apart and found
that  all  of  these  funds  boil  down  to  just  a  few  managers,  but  can't  pin
anything on them for money laundering... However, if there EVER were a
case for it, I'd be extremely suspicious of this one...

The level of shade on  all this  is  INCREDIBLE... There should  be NO
ROOM  for  a  investment  pool  as  big  as  Citadel  to  hide  this  sh*t....
absolutely ridiculous..

The fact that there is so much foreign influence over our bond & repo

market, which controls the liquidity of our country, is VERY concerning..

_____

Step 4: Short-seller Endgame
Alright, I know this is a lot to take in..
I've  been  writing  this  post  for  a  week,  so  reading  it  all  at  one  time  is
probably  going  to  make  your  head  explode..  But  now  we  can  finally  start
putting all of this together.

Ok,  remember  how  I  explained  that  the  repo  rate  started  to  rise  in  '08
because the collateral was no longer attractive compared to cash? That
means  there  wasn't  enough  liquidity  in  the  system.  Well  this  time  the
OPPOSITE  effect  is  happening.  Ever  since  March  2020,  the  short-term
lending rate (repo rate) has nearly dropped to 0.0%....

https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates

So the fed is printing free money, the repo market is lending free money,
and there's basically NO difference between the collateral that's being lent
and the cash that's being received.. With all this free money going around,
it's no wonder why the price of the 10 year treasury has been declining.

In  fact,  hedge  funds  are  SO  confident  that  the  10  year  treasury  will
continue  to  decline,  that  they've  SHORTED  THE  10-YEAR  BOND
MARKET. I'm not talking about speculative shorting, I mean shorting it to
oblivion like they've shorted stocks.

Don't believe me?
Hedge funds like Citadel Advisors must first locate the treasury bond in
order to swap them for cash in the repo market. It's extremely difficult to do
this with the fed because they're tied up in government BS, so they locate a
lender  in  the  market.  These  consist  of  other  commercial  banks  and  hedge
funds.

NOTE:  I  MADE  A  COMMENT  ABOUT  BLACKROCK
SUPPLYING TREASURY BONDS AND THIS IS NOT TRUE. UPON
FURTHER  REVIEW  (  CREDIT  u/dontfightthevol  )  THESE  BONDS
CONSIST  OF  MBS  AND  CORPORATE  BONDS.  WHILE  THE  US
TREASURY  DEPARTMENT  IS  INVOLVED,  THEY  ARE  NOT
SUPPLYING TREASURY BONDS.

So  financial  institutions  keep  treasuries  on  reserve  for  hedgies  like
Citadel to short. Citadel comes along and asks for the bond, they throw it
into  Palafox  Trading  and  collect  their  cash.  So  what  happens  when  they
need  to  pay  for  their  repo  agreement?  Surely  to  GOD  there  are  enough
bonds  floating  around,  right?  Not  unless  hedge  funds  like  Citadel  have
shorted more bonds than there are available.

Here's the evidence.
There  have  been  3  instances  over  the  past  year  where  the  repo  rate
dipped below the "failure" rate of -3.0%. On March 4th 2021, the repo rate
hit 
to  PAY
someone 4.25% interest to lend THEIR OWN MONEY in exchange for a
10 year treasury bond.

investors  were  willing 

-4.25%  which  means 

that 

This is a major signal of a squeeze in the treasury market. It's MAJOR
desperation  to  find  bonds.  With  the  federal  reserve  purchasing  them

monthly from the open market, it leaves room for a shortage when the repo
call  hits.  If  commercial  banks  and  hedge  funds  haven't  purchased  more
treasuries  since  first  lending  them  out,  short  sellers  simply  cannot  cover
unless they go into the market and PAY the bond holder for their bond. It's
literally the same story as all of the heavily shorted stocks.

Still not convinced?
At 

the  end  of  2020,  Palafox  Trading 

listed  $31,257,102,000
(BILLION)  in  GROSS  repo  agreements.  $30,576,918,000  (BILLION)
were directly related to repurchasing treasury bonds....

https://sec.report/CIK/0001284170

But what about their Reverse Repurchase agreements? Don't they have

assets to BUY treasury bonds?SURE.. Take a look..

https://sec.report/CIK/0001284170

SeE tHeRe? I tOlD yOu ThEy HaD iT cOvErEd..
Yeaaaah... now read the fine print.

I know the totals are slightly different than the balance above, but they're
both from 2020. It's just how they are presented. Check for yourself.
(https://sec.report/CIK/0001284170)

So  no,  they  don't  have  it  covered.  Why?  Because  our  POS  financial
system  allows  for  rehypothecation,  that's  why.  It's  a  big  fancy  word  for

using  amounts  owed  to  you  as  collateral  for  another  transaction.  In  the
event that the party defaults, SO DO YOU.

This means that the securities which Palafox is waiting to receive, have
ALREADY  been  pledged  to  pay  off  the  bonds  they  currently  OWE  to
someone else.

Does this sound familiar? Promising to repay something with something
you don't already have? Basically you need to wait on Ted, to repay Steve,
to repay Jan, to repay Mark, to repay you, so you can repay Fred, so Fred
can.... Yeah, REAAAAL secure..

OH, and by the way, the problem is getting WORSE.
Here's Palafox's financial statements in 2018:

https://sec.report/CIK/0001284170

And 2019:

https://sec.report/CIK/0001284170

The  amount  in  2020  is  STILL  +100%  greater  than  2019,  AFTER

netting (which is even more bullsh*t).

https://sec.report/CIK/0001284170

_____

All  of  this  made  me  wonder  what  the  FICC's  balance  is  for  treasury
deposits...  For  those  of  you  that  don't  know,  the  FICC  is  a  branch  of  the
DTCC that deals with government securities.

Just like the updated DTC rule for supplemental liquidity deposits being
calculated  throughout  the  day,  the  FICC  also  calculates  this  amount  as  it
relates to treasury securities multiple times throughout the day.

Would you be surprised that the FICC has $47,000,000,000 (BILLION)

just in DEPOSITS for unsettled treasury bonds? $47,000,000,000!?!?!?

CAN  YOU  IMAGINE  HOW  ASTRONOMICAL  THE  ACTUAL

MARGIN MUST BE?!

_____

There  is  TOO  much  evidence,  from  TOO  many  separate  events,
pointing to the imminent default of something big. That's all this is going to
take.  When  Ted  can't  repay  Steve,  it  means  the  panic  has  already  started.
Just look at how easy it was for the repo rate to spike overnight in 2019..

We are already starting to see the consequences of the SLR update with
Archegos,  Nomura,  and  Credit  Suisse.  This  is  just  a  taste  of  what's  to
come..  and  now  we  know  the  bond  market  represents  an  even  BIGGER
catalyst in triggering this event.. and it's happening already.

With  that  being  said,  things  finally  started  to  make  sense...  Citadel
doesn't  NEED  shares  if  their  investment  strategy  to  go  short  on
EVERYTHING  instead  of  going  long.  Why  bother  owning  shares?
Financial  institutions  and  other  asset  managers  simply  lend  them  to  you
when you need to pony up a margin call for stocks and bonds..

Their HFT systems allow them to manipulate the market in their favor
so  there's  NO  way  they  could  fail....  unless....  a  bunch  of  degenerates  all
decided to ignore taking profits...

But that would NEVER happen, right?
...wrong...
we just like the stonks
DIAMOND.F*CKING.HANDS
This is not financial advice

“When I was a boy in Bulgaria….”

VLAD TENEV, CEO OF ROBINHOOD

